Expose Config::cancel_waits_on_nonfatal_error publicly (#5494)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

## vNext (TBD)

### Enhancements

> * Added `SyncConfiguration.cancelWaitOnNonFatalError`. When set to true, all async operations (such as opening the realm with `await Realm.open`) will fail when a non-fatal error, such as a timeout, occurs.  

Author: Not sure if this is formulated properly 😁 
- I am unsure wether that's a correct terminology for a promise (it fails?)
- Also I don't know if there are other methods/promises that could fail because of this new parameter. In .NET we have also methods to asynchronously waiting for all downloads/uploads, but it seems that they don't exist in JS.

Reviewer: `I am unsure wether that's a correct terminology for a promise (it fails?)`

I guess that would be `reject`? But personally I think it's intuitive as it is now, might need input form other people as well..

Reviewer 2: > methods to asynchronously waiting for all downloads/uploads

We have `realm.syncSession.downloadAllServerChanges` and `realm.syncSession.uploadAllLocalChanges`.  Each take a timeout as a param

Reviewer 2: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/realm-sdks/js/latest/Realm.App.Sync.Session.html

> * Added `SyncConfiguration.cancelWaitOnNonFatalError`. When set to true, all async operations (such as opening the realm with `await Realm.open`) will fail when a non-fatal error, such as a timeout, occurs.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Added configuration option `SyncConfiguration.cancelWaitOnNonFatalError`. Set to true, all async operations (such as opening the Realm with `Realm.open`) will fail when a non-fatal error, such as a timeout, occurs.  
```
